
User
Yeah, I think we need to build a custom solution, right? Because it's like a portfolio website, it's not what I want. What I want, it's like a dashboard that I can see, and it's like I can see all my projects categorized, and I can know, okay, these are the projects. So I can also remove unwanted projects that I don't want, right? And I can see the projects, okay, these are the projects that are built on education, these are the tools that are built, these are the automations that are built. I mean, every single thing that I have done, the books that I've written, and again, the user can select them, and most of the people probably not have that many books, the articles. So it's like a life vision board, like a horizon like horizon, whatever, right? It's like a horizon view, I can look at my life. And that's like, it's like a dashboard. It's just very easy, not much complicated, I can just look at my life. Okay, this is what I have done in my life. And yeah, so this is what I have done. This is what I want to do. That is there. Because I want you to think, okay, what is the best way to approach it? The main thing about what I want from the application is, it's been very hard, to be honest, I have been so many things. And there are certain things that I want to achieve. For example, in education, there is a certain thing that I want to do. And in startup, there is certain things that I want to do, certain things I want to build, I have Akrasia, right? The project Akrasia of, you know, fighting, of procrastination, those are things that I want to do. Because, because those like projects are like hidden, the meaning behind it, like, I'm not able to see it. That's why I just forget about it. So if I had a dashboard, because we can, where I can have this top level missions, for example, you know, fight procrastination with tools and improve the education of students, right? And etc. You get my point, right? That's so I can easily visualize what are my projects. And with AI, we can actually analyze, okay, what goal did I want to achieve, how much far I am with that. So what are the things that I need to do? It's like a vision board that I can see, I can know like what I need to do in life. Because see, the time is very limited. But what happens is because there's so many things here and there, you usually get distracted between them. It's like, so I need a board, I can see that I know I can tell you know, that that is my mission in life. And am I doing things? Are they you know, how close they are getting me to the thing that I want to achieve in life. And that's, that's what I want. It's like a horizon vision, board or horizon, whatever you want to call it. I want you to consider yourself as a product, you know, product analyzer, product researcher, a person who expertise in building products that actually, you know, are actually usable products, you know, you, you're great at understanding the insights from the user, understanding the pain points, understanding how we can create and build this into a next thing. I want you to do a really in depth analysis of it. And you know, based on my problem, I don't want you to be influenced with what I'm trying to think. I'm just telling you my problems that I go through in life. And you know, what is the best possible way we can solve it. I don't like complicated systems. If it's too complicated, probably I'm not going to use it. So, it has to be simple, has to be, you know, based on the mission, it has to, you know, solve my problem. See, it might be Personal Docs, it might be GitHub, it might be Notion, I don't really know. For me, it's because I build products and they are mainly stored in GitHub. There are some things that I store in Notion such as checklists, but not anything I should. Most people, I think, do, but I don't do that. I don't know Google Drive, I don't know if I store anything in Google Drive. They might be Personal Docs, right? In that also, we should be at some place that I explain who I am, what are my missions in life, and the AI understands and can create it. So instead of me having to click here, click there, click that, we have a kind of voice assistant that I can say and will create things for me, edit things for me. You get the idea. Do you want AI to automatically extract and categorize projects and tools? Yes, yes, I would love that. It has to ask me. Also, it will be there where I can go to the AI and tell anything to improve, I should be able to do that. Should the dashboard support adding future goals or only reflect what's already there? Also, both. What I am doing, what I have done right, what I have done till date, what I want to do, and what's the delta between it. So maybe I want to achieve something. And I'll give you an example. There are a few verticals that I want to achieve. Number one might be education, you know, helping people learn things, you know, not make a big, but understand things from the first level. Right. I, you know, I'm into helping people. In tech, usually I like, you know, I have created SSE that assesses you and tells you how to improve. I have created CS Blueprint that helps you navigate, you know, which screen that you choose, etc. And I have created GitReady.cv that helps you to, you know, tells you how to analyze your data and tells you how to improve. So that's there. Another startup, you know, I had created, you know, this lean start, right? Which helps tell my, what's my idea and you tell me how, like, what's the probability of being successful and it gives you market analysis, etc, etc. Another thing is, that's another thing that I really want to do is, I want to help in, you know, solve this procrastination. Yeah. Another thing that I want to do is, I really care about is, you know, building Sama. Sama.dev is, or Sama.app, whatever it might be called. It's, you know, a platform like Lebebel, where, you know, people can come build up the ideas. And I want to also, you know, really, something I really care about is helping, you know, graduates, usually, like, who are past 10th in India, identify careers. So, like, career advisor, not probably AI, but, you know, because this is such a problem now also. So, there are list of problems that I have, and I want to make sure to prioritize them. So, because see, every person has like 100% of willpower, right? 100% of what I call mission, mission, mission value. And I can't, if I add 25% in one bucket, right? I don't like, it's not an index, it's just 100. So, the more things I do, the less each of them are going to mean. So, that also, the dashboard should help me focus, saying, okay, okay, you're doing this, you're doing that, that means you're splitting your energy across things, right? So, it should help me to, you know, do one thing or do a few things. Yeah., no its not a portfoliuklio might be but not for now